# Real run, 2026-10-03 20:38 Beijing time (UTC+8): example wardrobe (example drawings), real SiliconFlow models, manual weather, one run per season room.
$ todays-outfit suggest --temp 12 --rain --occasion commute --season autumn
commute, 12 °C, rain  ->  model mode (12 rule-approved candidates)

  Outfit 1: light blue button-down shirt + black trousers + beige blazer + brown ankle boots
    The beige blazer and brown ankle boots provide excellent warmth for the 12°C rain while maintaining a smart-casual commute look. The light blue shirt adds a fresh pop of color to the neutral ensemble.

  Outfit 2: gray sweater + black trousers + yellow rain boots
    This gray wool sweater offers superior warmth for the chilly, rainy commute. Paired with black trousers and practical yellow rain boots, it balances comfort, weather protection, and smart-casual professionalism.

  Outfit 3: white t-shirt + black trousers + black blazer + yellow rain boots
    The black blazer elevates the white t-shirt and trousers for a polished commute look. Yellow rain boots ensure you stay dry in the rain, adding a cheerful, practical touch to the neutral base.

$ todays-outfit suggest --temp 26 --occasion date --season summer
date, 26 °C, dry  ->  model mode (12 rule-approved candidates)

  Outfit 1: yellow maxi dress + black high heels
    The yellow silk maxi dress is elegant and light for the warm weather. Black leather heels elevate the look perfectly for a romantic date night.

  Outfit 2: yellow maxi dress + white sneaker
    This yellow silk dress offers a chic, dressy vibe suitable for the evening. Pairing it with white sneakers creates a trendy, comfortable, and playful contrast.

  Outfit 3: light blue button-down shirt + black trousers + black high heels
    The light blue cotton shirt and black trousers create a sophisticated smart-casual silhouette. Black leather heels add the necessary polish for a stylish date evening.

$ todays-outfit suggest --temp 4 --occasion casual --season winter
casual, 4 °C, dry  ->  model mode (5 rule-approved candidates)

  Outfit 1: gray sweater + blue jeans + beige cardigan + brown ankle boots
    The wool sweater and cardigan provide excellent warmth for the 4°C chill, while the jeans and ankle boots keep the look comfortably casual and stylish.

  Outfit 2: gray sweater + maroon skirt + olive green jacket + brown ankle boots
    The olive jacket offers superior warmth and a casual vibe, pairing perfectly with the cozy sweater and skirt for a chic, weather-appropriate ensemble.

  Outfit 3: gray sweater + black trousers + mustard yellow hoodie + brown ankle boots
    This outfit layers a warm sweater with a hoodie for extra cold protection, while the trousers and boots maintain a neat, smart-casual aesthetic.

$ todays-outfit suggest --temp 20 --occasion formal --season spring
formal, 20 °C, dry  ->  model mode (5 rule-approved candidates)

  Outfit 1: yellow maxi dress + black blazer + black high heels
    The wool blend blazer adds necessary warmth to the light silk dress for 20°C. The black leather heels elevate the look, perfectly balancing comfort and formal elegance.

  Outfit 2: navy blue maxi dress + black high heels
    The pleated navy maxi dress offers slightly more warmth than yellow options while maintaining high formality. Paired with classic black heels, it creates a sophisticated, weather-appropriate ensemble.

  Outfit 3: yellow maxi dress + beige blazer + black high heels
    The beige wool blazer provides ideal layering for 20°C without overheating. Its neutral tone complements the yellow dress, creating a polished, professional aesthetic suitable for formal occasions.

